all right that's the smooth and powerful
sound of that big seven liter Cadillac
engine starts and runs great now you can
see this you know it's looking a little
old in there and everything which it is
but it's running quite well it's really
never had any work done on it other than
changing the oil and that kind of thing
and some tuna and so it could probably
use a little freon in the air
conditioner but the battery is good and
it's got tons of power again could use a
tune-up
take it first bin alright I'll take it
off
okay you can hear that engines run great
transmission shifts out fine telling the
steering's working nice the brakes are
working good radio works and you can see
that this tan leather interior although
very comfortable still does have cracks
in it that's my fault from where I left
the window down one time and it's rained
in there and got on there and there's
some cracks there in the dashboard as
well and then you can see it's cracking
up a little bit in the back of the upper
part of the back seat and there's just
little marks around down in the back
seat but it looks pretty good back there
too and the carpets okay to original
mats are still in here
you can see over here controls for your
power windows locks and mirrors now the
power locks quit working one day I think
there was like a little puff of smoke
possibly a fuse blew out something like
that okay taking off one more time
runs great now you got to have a real
light touch on the accelerator it's got
a carburetor and could use a tune-up but
with the light touch it really takes off
and run smooth here I got somebody going
the wrong way now the heat and air work
intermittently and I think it's probably
just some of those little vacuum lines
and their need replacement but you know
sometimes when you start the car up
there the air conditioner the heat will
work and then later on it won't so just
know about that our windows are working
fine and the headliner is looking pretty
good too and there you have it there's
your video test drive I'm all done
bachelor the Memphis motor seller
actually selling my mom's car this time
she's in the old folks home can't drive
it anymore and I don't use it so there
you have it give me a call 90 175 for 31
38 and this Cadillac could be yours for
cheap